Updating CHANGELOG to include breaking change in 0.43 with the reliance on consul 1.12 due to -auto-reload-config (#1209)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

BREAKING CHANGES:
* Helm

>   * Release 0.43.0 requires Consul 1.12.0+ because of a reliance on the Consul `-auto-reload-config` flag which monitors changes to specific Consul configuration properties and reloads itself when changes are detected. [[GH-1135](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1135)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Requires Consul 1.12.0+ as the Server statefulsets are now provisioned with Consul `-auto-reload-config` flag which monitors changes to specific Consul configuration properties and reloads itself when changes are detected. [[GH-1135](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1135)]
```
